Make the CoC more prominent (#177)
jump-dev/jump-dev.github.io: forum.md

---
title:  "Community forum"
---

JuMP uses the "Optimization (Mathematical)" section of the
[Julia community Discourse]((https://discourse.julialang.org/c/domain/opt/13))
as our community forum.

Use the forum to ask usage questions related to JuMP, or to search for past
questions and answers. There is no such thing as a bad question, and this isn't
StackOverflow where you need to have a neatly framed question with a single
answer. If you look at past questions, you'll see that there are many
back-and-forth discussions!

Join the forum at: [https://discourse.julialang.org/c/domain/opt/13](https://discourse.julialang.org/c/domain/opt/13).

> When using the forum you must abide by our [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the forum, you agree to uphold the standards of our community as described in the [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct).
```
